madam
The second uncle saw just now that the male is an orphan
You can rest assured.
I just wanted to see you two off
I don't want to either.
But that's the only way to save his life
My daughter.
Mom, I'm sorry.
Give me some time.
I will definitely bring you back
Madam, why don't you keep the lady by your side?
In addition, it is said that it is an orphan you raised
If you Liu Jiaming knew that I gave birth to a daughter
Instead of son
We have no food left
There's nowhere to go.
But here's the thing.
Family business recorded by the family
Will be ruined by that gang of trash
Let's go!
Ah!
Ahahaha
Take good care miss
When the time comes, the lady will bring her back